Why subscribe?
Your support helps us keep this site free, and comes with some valuable benefits!

• Your images won't have watermarks!
• It's faster and you get priority over other users. When there's a queue to generate images, we'll move you to the front, which is especially useful during high traffic!
• Your images are fully private and won't be shared in our public gallery or suggested images.
• You won't have any ads!

Can I upgrade or cancel?
Anytime! You can upgrade or cancel in one click from your account settings page. Your subscription runs through the end of your subscription term, but there's never a contract.

Can I get a refund?
No, our sales are non-refundable.

Are you going to raise prices?
Probably... While we try to keep our plans affordable, we also add more features and build more powerful models, which have a higher cost. However if you buy an annual plan, we'll happily honor it.

Do I get images of higher quality if I subscribe?
Yes! Premium and Ultimate unlock access to the Raphael Pro model, which generates higher-resolution images with richer details. Ultimate also gets the highest priority in the queue during peak traffic.

If I subscribe, will I still get the message "too much traffic?"
Under normal usage, you won't encounter this message. However, if our system detects abnormal usage patterns (such as reverse engineering attempts or other unauthorized methods), you may still see this message.

Can I get help using the product?
Yes! You can reach us via email at support@raphael.ai for any assistance you need.

What is the Enterprise level for?
If you have a unique use case and you'd like to learn more about pricing, contact us at sales@raphael.ai.

Do I have to be a subscriber to use images commercially?
No. As long as you respect the Terms of Use, feel free to use our images as you wish for personal, academic or commercial use! Please credit raphael.ai for the images if you are a free subscriber.

Does my subscription include API access?
No, we don't have a public API at the moment but will be offering one in the near future. We would love to hear your specific requirements.